now occasionally Kentucky a field will
cross the river or go south or other
places today we're in Floyds Knobs
indiana and we're here for special
reason i was looking through my emails
the other day and generally i get my
emails and i forget to look at him well
I got to digging through and digging
throwing people swimming picture
sometime and I got a picture of this
young fellow right here and let me
introduce first of all pastor Darrell
Bennett this is daniel and i just happen
to find out that he is the buck boy he's
the buckboard he's the 10-point buck boy
1111 boy 11-point now they had on the
other hey see only shoot 8 pointers I
mean let's not tell too many people but
I was inspired because I got to talking
to Pastor Darrell over here and the next
thing I know I find out that Young
Daniel here has taken this buck with a
crossbow know the best thing that I saw
in this picture was was an inspirational
story now all of us as we go through
life we have our challenges a lot of
people said farmer you're never gonna be
able to do this you'll be able to shoot
a bow tell me your situation what
happened to you a couple years ago well
then hawked over of 2001 I was in a tree
stand and the tree stand in the band
broke on the tree stand i fell over 20
feet and broke my back this leg is numb
and I don't have any feeling I can move
it and get around good I can't go quite
as long or facet as I'd like to but I
still get out and I finally thought I
need to get back out in the woods again
it was raised doing that with my
father's rabbit and squirrel hunting saw
plot for handicap license and got it and
bought a crossbow and start hunting
again and Daniel here is always wanted
to kind of go with this so last year I
took in we went gun hunt last year and
didn't see much we shot saldo one
evening he had a dope Hagin and he got a
shot at dobbies close getting close to
dark and it was a little bit far he
missed that one we joked about that a
lot dental I'm stalo but this year he
helped me even build them a couple
little of deer blinds lublu look like a
little outhouse little 44 box
my brother's got a farm in Clark County
raises cattle he's a big hay field and
we set this in the edge of the hay field
and and every time we went we'd see dear
it was there ever any doubt in your mind
as you everything maybe this isn't going
to happen or did you always know that he
was going to be in the woods with you
someday I knew he was going to be with
me someday I probably cut him short
little bit myself I didn't know if he'd
ever really do this but then when he
started going and when deer would come
in front of us he would stay calm you
get excited but he'd saved calleth
enough i think he could do this and uh
he he come through this year Gotti my
tent oh excuse me 11 the water yeah what
is down syndrome it's a genetic disorder
they've got an actually got an extra
chromosome and so it affects them in a
lot of different ways love lot of
physical limitations their muscle tone
isn't quite as good and then there's
some some mental deficiencies there on
someone peeing there's a range there's
there's different ranges through it it's
what people call handicap but he sold it
there's ways he can do he's even got a
job now working at the hospital we don't
use that word handycam please aggravated
there you go his aggravations when did
you start to realize the challenges that
we're facing you and and how much
different things would be we knew right
away that there were some challenges at
first when this first happened me and my
wife we were shocked we first first kind
of thought what did we do wrong or God
why you mad at us what this happened but
we've learned through the years that you
know I think even God takes some of
those things that we look at maybe not
accepted first and can turn them into
blessing and that's exactly what he's
done he's probably bought a more joy in
her house and home and family then not
then then I could I could ever tell you
he's just been a blessing a family in
the same situations you they've got
somebody like Daniel you're thinking I
never really thought about taking him or
her hunt what would you say to that he's
proof he can do it again you gotta know
their limitations we kind of paste it we
didn't push him took him out for 23
hours in the evening and that's the best
one of the best times anyway late
evening the Hayfield and
the situation was just right but he it's
a it can be done and if you've got a
young man or a young lady that like to
hunt like that there's opportunities
there if you just just just just don't
give up just keep looking for
you